Godbless Chille
My prep for the Microsoft explore internship--Summer 2021

Questions to be solved in prep for Explore final:

PM Questions:
1) If you were given a keyboard, how would you test the keys?
2) How would you test a pen?
3) How would you design a calculator for a visually impared student?
4) How would you design a vending machine or a toaster?
5) You have a series of numbers from one to one million and there is a missing number; how would you find the missing numbers?
6) In 2 to 3 minutes, explain a computer to a  year old who has seen a computer, but doesn't really understand what it is or does
7) What is the difference between C and Java/ between C and C# and how might this impact design decisions?

Dev questions:
1) What is the best data structure for a phone book with names and phone numbers? Code an example solution and explain
2) Print values in a doubly linked list in descending order
3) Invert a binary search tree
4) Sort an array, stack, and queue in arrays and linked lists.
5) Write a program that returns the acute angle between two hands of a clock
6) Keep track of the positions of people in a line (Not that some questions asked are intentionally vague; ask clarifying questions. Can we consider this a sorted list? i.e are they allowed to move around or not? What does that movement look like? That details matters.

Inika's qns: https://www.notion.so/Technical-e126b5cb726449488a22be7a22ec7c0f
1) Remove duplicates in a list**
2) Reverse a string**
3) Reverse an integer**
4) Delete an item from a doubly linked list**
5) Given a sorted array of integers, remove the duplicates and return the size of the new array **
6) Rotate a matrix by 90 degrees**
7) Given two sorted arrays, write a function that combines the two sorted arrays to a third array that is also sorted**
8) Write a function that accepts a list and returns the number of occurrences of the most frequently occurring item in the list**

Glassdoor questions: (Dev = D, PM = P)
1)Given a binary tree filled with numbers, write a program that would return the level with the highest average (D)
2) Create a function to return if a string is a palindrome (D)
3) Sort an unordered array of objects (D)
4) Write an algorithm that reverses an integer (D)
5) Remove duplicates from a linked list
6) Write a function that accepts a list and returns the number of occurrences of the most frequent occurring item in the list 
7) use stacks to make a queue
7) Merge two linked lists together
8) Find the nth element from the end of the linked list
9)How would you code to get all the unique characters from a string?
10) What is the difference between a process and a thread?
11) Write a method that compares two binary trees
12) Given two sorted arrays, write a method that combines the two sorted arrays into a third array that is also sorted
13) Count all possible squares in a grid
14) Delete an item from a doubly linked list
15) Reverse a singly linked list
16) Reverse a doubly linked list
17) Which one is better? Open or closed source?
18) Given a sorted array of integers, remove the duplicates and return the size of the new array
19) Explain recursion to a non-CS person
20) check for circularity in a linked list
21) Find all permutations of a word and check if they are real words
22) Given a BST, return the second largest number
23) Given an NxM matrix, iterate through it in a spiral direction
24) Write a program that will find all the prime numbers in an array
25) Implement a stack with two queues
26) Sort an array
27) Given an array of numbers from 1 to N but there's one missing, return the missing number
28) Code bubble sort
29) Find the middle node of a linked list
30) Given an ascending sorted array of ints, write an also to push all the duplicates to the back [1,2,2,4,5,5] --> [1,2,4,5,2,5]
31) You have a sorted array A length m and a sorted array B length n. Insert array elements in order into an array C with length m+n.
32) What is the most efficient way of checking if a letter in the second string is in the first string in the previous problem? What if you're using all ASCII characters? What if you're using the entire Unicode character set?
33) Given 2 strings, remove every instance of every letter in the second string from the first string. Then do it without shifting letters in the first string or creating another string. 

1) How would you test a computer mouse? (P)
2) What are the three most important features for a microwave for college students?(P)
3) How to improve an airport
4) Tell me about yourself
5) Would you prefer a development or a PM role? 
6) How would you design an elevator system for an office building?
7) If you could change the design of one existing thing, what would it be and what would be the change?
8) Design a traffic light 
9) How would you implement a website for a ticketing site?
10) What's your favorite Microsoft product and how would you improve it?
11) Design a coffee machine for the space station
12) Why Microsoft?
